What do you think?
Someone send Ding Hai to the public security department
Out of infinity
Wing Sing Sheriff's Department Shui Lo
No, no.
Ah Qian, connect it to me
I was wrong, sir, can you please come to my house?
Miss, I just hit my brother
It's definitely not good to send someone to the sheriff's department to find me
Stay quickly
I remember I have something to do
Don't follow
Throw out everything lying on the ground
Then I'll go first bye bye
OK
You eat, I'm drunk
Take me home
It's not appropriate. It's not appropriate.
Oh, what's wrong with it?
A girl
How unsafe it is to go home alone, I cry
What wine are you waiting for me to drink by myself?
I really thought I was stupid.
You want to picture my body, not to mention my money
If you want to be beautiful, no, no
I really can't
That I accept the service test
I don't believe it or I'll kiss one
Send him to me
You dare to touch Mr. Tian's honest woman